# Title : Peronalized Recipe and Meal Planning Assistant

# INTRODUCTION
This chapter will provide a brief overview of the project, including a background description, problem description, purpose and objectives, scopes, the importance of the proposed system, and a research outline.

# 1.1	Background Study
Due to our hectic schedules and the growing emphasis on maintaining healthy lifestyles, meal planning and the achievement of personalized dietary choices have become more and more important in modern developed living. There are several obstacles that people must overcome in order to maintain balanced and healthy diets, including time restraints, the need to accommodate dietary needs, allergies, and particular health objectives. Additionally, reducing food waste is increasing in importance as we become more aware of the negative effects that wasted food has on the environment and how much resources it uses. Hence, meal planning project is fundamentally important for promoting individual health. The developing concept of personalized nutrition includes individuals' unique nutritional needs as well as the impact of food choices, allergies, and health goals on meal planning. Poor nutrition is fast becoming one of the major causes of ill-health and death in the world. Obesity has become a global epidemic, increasing steadily since 1975 and affecting both developing and developed countries. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 13% of persons worldwide are obese, with 39% being overweight in 2018. Obesity and overweight concerns continue to be an issue of concern in Malaysia, with latest data from the National Health and Morbidity Survey (2019) finding that 50.1 percent of Malaysians are overweight or obese. Aside from these nutritional considerations, the effort is motivated by a growing awareness of the need to eliminate food waste. The hope to contribute to reducing food waste by strategically organizing meals with supplies currently on hand at home. This not only benefits the environment, but it also saves resources and lowers users' food costs.
